lib: nrf_modem: os: Wake threads waiting for all context (#13684)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * The ``lte_net_if`` module now handles the :c:enumerator:`~pdn_event.PDN_EVENT_NETWORK_DETACH` PDN event.
      Not handling this caused permanent connection loss and error message (``ipv4_addr_add, error: -19``) in some situations when reconnecting.

>     * Threads sleeping in the :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_timed_wait` function with context `0` are now woken by all calls to the :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_event_notify` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Threads sleeping in the :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_timed_wait` function with context ``0`` are now woken by all calls to the :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_event_notify` function.
```

>     * Threads sleeping in the :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_timed_wait` function with context ``0`` are now woken by all calls to the :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_event_notify` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Threads sleeping in the :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_timedwait` function with context ``0`` are now woken by all calls to the :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_event_notify` function.
```
